Avoid wrapping LightningModule in DDP plugins when not fitting (#9096)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Moved `block_ddp_sync_behaviour` out of `TrainingBatchLoop` to loop utilities ([#9192](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9192))

- Avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel modules when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#6977]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/6977)

> 

Reviewer: i think this is a bugfix. before, if someone had no trainable parameters in their model and they called trainer.test(), Lightning would raise an exception because DDP construction would raise an exception around no parameters with requires_grad found. 

this error is compounded by the process reconciliation check. when `configure_ddp` raises an exception, we don't call `_share_information_to_prevent_deadlock`

as a result, `sync_dir` is not initialized. 

which causes this to fail: https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/blob/35876bb75f27eb8f44220afd4bfa757a0432d233/pytorch_lightning/plugins/training_type/ddp.py#L481-L486

because `sync_dir` is None and we're not checking it 😞

- Fixed a bug in the binary search mode of auto batch size scaling where exception was thrown if the first trainer run resulted in OOM ([#8954](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8954))

> - Fixed avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#6977]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/6977).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#9096]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/90996).
```

this should link to the PR, not the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel modules when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#6977]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/6977).
```

- Fixed `DDP` "CUDA error: initialization error" due to a `copy` instead of `deepcopy` on `ResultCollection` ([#9239](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9239))

> - Fixed wrapping issue: avoid wrapping LightningModule with data-parallel modules when not fitting in `DDPPlugin`, `DDPSpawnPlugin`, `DDPShardedPlugin`, `DDPSpawnShardedPlugin` ([#9096]https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9096)

Reviewer 2: The link is broken

Can be fixed with another PR - no need to open one just for this
